Admin stuff

Firstly, I just wanted to thank you for all the help and guidance throughout the summer. I had a great time working with you and I really learned a lot. I also wanted to ask you something. This September, I am applying to Air Force Officer Training School. It’s been a dream of mine for a long time and it’s quite a extensive application. Part of that application is letters of recommendation. I would be extremely gratefully, if you’re not too busy, to write a short one-page reference letter for me and send it to my recruiter. 

Great! I’ll email you the details, like my recruiters email and the like. 


Resume

- Worked alongside Software Engineers to develop a mobile app smart banner which informed android users using the HealtheLife website that there was a HealtheLife Android App which they could download and use. The banner would link the user to the google play store page of HealtheLife where they could install or open it. The banner was built using Javascript, JQuery, CSS, and HTML. 
- Developed the admin tools to customize the mobile app smart banner. Attributes to customize the mobile app smart banner included a choice to display the Cerner HealtheLife App on the banner or a custom app of the organization’s choice. If the user wanted a custom app, they would have to fill out fields such as title, bundle id, and a custom icon. The admin tool would then use that custom information to edit the smart banner accordingly. 
- Worked on a web development team developing the Cerner solution HealtheLife which included a web-based patient portal for patients to manage their own healthcare including looking at their medical records, messaging and scheduling appointment with their doctor, and taking health-based informative workshops. They also developed the admin tool for the patient portal for healthcare organizations to customize the patient portal for their needs and preferences. 

Proficient in Python, Django, HTML, Subversion, and Unix Shell. Familiar with CSS, Javascript, Agile, Lean, Atlassian tools including JIRA and Crucible, and Git. 


Strengths: 
I love learning which make me adaptable to a variety of environments including team or individual-based work.
 
One of my strengths during this internship has been to be proactive with my mentors, managers, and fellow engineers whenever I am having a problem or to track my progress. 

Another strength is that I have taken criticism well and have used it to better my skills. I understood from the beginning of this internship that it is an extremely important learning experience and I should be grateful to have the opportunity. I also understood that I knew very little about commercial software development and should listen to the experienced people around me. 

Stress Management

Weaknesses:
Procrastination: I am susceptible to procrastination, but have improved by using organizational tools such as planner or google calendar. 

I’ve been known to overly proactive with fellow engineers and managers by seeking help and asking questions that I could have probably researched and learned on my own. 
This is also where one of my weakness has occurred as, sometimes, I ask questions about things that I could easily research myself and waste the time of who’s help I am seeking. I believe I have slowly become better with this as I have built more confidence in my ability to find a solution myself. 


Why do you want to be in the Air Force?

Well sir, there are several reasons. Firstly,there is a long tradition of military service in my family. My dad was a hospital corpsman in the Navy, my grandfather work on KC-135s in the Air National Guard. My great-grandfather was in the infantry in the 2nd Marine Divison during WWII and took part in several beach landings in the Pacific. I've had two uncles in the Navy, another uncle was an Army Officer, and a step-brother in the Marine Corps who did a tour in Iraq. So, throughout my life the themes of military service and its benefits have been especially prevalent. Secondly, for specifically why I chose the Air Force, I've researched the Air Force and found it to be the most contemporary military branch. I believe this is true for its mission, the technology it uses, and its philosophy. Because of that, I believe the Air Force to be the most important and strongest force of change to global policy in the U.S. Military. Another reason why I chose the Air Force was because of its vast educational opportunities. I love learning and I would take full advantage of any continuing education opportunities presented to me. I also want to test and better myself. I also want to experience the comaraderie that military service creates because I think it's very healthy way to live giving and recieving some much support for one another. 
Comaraderie 
Patriotism, love the country


Describe when you were a leader?

There have been several instances where I was leader. Most frequently in my engineering classes during team design projects, I have often established myself as the Team Lead. For example, in Fall 2015 during my Software Engineering Class, our team was tasked to emulate the software development process in a term-long design project. I volunteered to lead the team which consisted of a couple of my friends and also a couple of people I didn't know very well. My responsibilities included organizing design and process meetings, dividing tasks among team members, measuring progress, helping any blocked teammates, communicating with the Professor, as well as my own development tasks. We were tasked to build a web application that KU students and staff would benefit from. We decided to build a website that would aggregate all of KU Social Media presence into one page or dashboard where a user could customize the content on said dashboard. There were some bumps along the way including miscommunication by the Professor with regards to deadlines and project requirements and at times teammates not motivated to complete their tasks. So, I fought poor communication with good communication and made my teammates more accountable by using google docs so I and the rest of team could see everybodys progress day to day on design documents, the project report, and actual code. Overall, I was very pleased with my teams performance which shows because we recieived an A on the whole project and subsequently an A in the class. Another opportunities I took to lead a team was during my Digital Systems Design course. There was a final design project where I again volunteered to lead the team which consisted of myself and two friends. Most recently, during my internship at Cerner, I demostrated leadership capabilities when I had the opportunity to help and mentor a fellow intern. I had arrived at Cerner a few weeks earlier than the other two interns that were assigned to my team. So I was already pretty well adapted by the time they arrived. One of the interns was going to be working on a very similar enviroment to what I was working so I felt obliged to help him through the same process I had gone through weeks prior. I soon found out that he had very little experience with object-oriented programming and web development so he required quite a bit of help. So whenever he needed help I would help him. When I couldn't help him, his manager could. 



David's Comments:

Highly Valued

	
Rating Description
	
Comments:
Key Successes:

- easy to work with
- positive attitude
- clear scrum updates
- Quick at picking up new technologies
- Troubleshoots issues on his own before asking questions
- Shows signs to work on stories independently
- is able to take criticism and feedback well

Opportunities for improvement

- Could be a bit more assertive.
- Ask better questions. Become better prepared. Explain what didn¿t work.

Danny has impressed me on how quickly he picked up python and Django for his summer project. We gave him a project to understand some key concepts of web development and he¿s preformed well. The feedback I was given from other engineers was mainly positive. Probably the best feedback I got back from them was his quick ability to learn new concepts and technologies. He came into the program knowing very little about web development. Now he has experience working on frontend and backend changes. He¿s also had the opportunity to witness scope change in the technical design. When the dependency we were planning to consume for his project had issues, Danny provided an alternative solution on how to solve the problem. It¿s a great that Danny had the confidence to propose new ideas to solve complex problems even though he personally felt like he lacked experience in this area. Finally, he¿s shown that he communicates well with other teammates. Danny doesn¿t suffer from the silo effect or the lack of interaction between his teammates. He provides great scrum updates and is vocal about his progress. Overall, he is a great person to work with.

As for areas to improve on, Danny could be a bit more assertive. Sometimes communication over email or slack is sufficient enough but there are occasions when he could have tried to get the persons attention rather than waiting for a response that could take hours/days. Another area is asking questions. Danny should structure them in a way that explains the issue and steps he's taken to try to solve it. There were occasions when the person had to question Danny to understand the full scope of the problem.

Danny will make a great software engineer. He¿s shown interest in web development over the past couple of weeks and is willing to stick with the team. But he has also expressed his interest in developing on hardware solutions. I¿m not sure if we have a role available in that area but if we do, I¿m sure Danny will do well in that team.






