
WHAT ARE YOUR OBJECTIVES AND REASONS FOR DESIRING AN AIR FORCE COMMISSION?

-- You must write a personal statement for the application in answer to the
question or reason you want to become an Air Force officer. Use Calibri, 11
font. -- In this statement:
-- - State your objectives and reasons for desiring an Air Force Commission.
To be more specific, tell us what you have to offer the Air Force and why we
should hire you. Remember, officers in the Air Force are leaders. Make
sure your statement reflects your leadership potential.
-- - Address any concerns you might have (i.e., low AFOQT, GPA, and/or
PCSM scores)

Old one: 

I want to become an Air Force Officer for a number of reasons. From a young age, I have been taught it is my
duty and obligation to serve the country. I understand that my liberties and welfare do not come freely and I want to
give back to the country that has provided the opportunities and freedoms we Americans take for granted. I believe that
my educational and personal interests will be utilized to the fullest in the service of the Air Force. The Air Force is where
I feel I would be the most motivated and the most informed in my job making it my ideal environment for a career. I love
learning, so continuing to be educated in various facets of Air Force training and throughout my career would be very
rewarding. I tend to think critically about situations focusing on logic and reason when analyzing a problem and I
implement these same strategies effectively when communicating. I enjoy problem solving and setting challenging goals
for myself, as I find those successes the most gratifying. I deal with stress very well and am flexible to a variety of work
environments including team and independent work. Generally, I want to become an intelligent and altruistic leader and
do work that is meaningful and valuable to my country. I think I would be a valuable member of the Air Force and would
be extremely grateful to be a part of it.

New one:

I want to become an Air Force Officer for a number of reasons. From a young age, I have been taught that it is my duty and obligation to serve the country. I understand that my personal liberties and welfare do not come freely and I want the opportunity to give back to the country that has provided me with so much. I have done extensive research of the Air Force and found it to be the most contemporary and effective military branch. I believe this is true for its mission, the technology it utilizes, and its core values. Because of this, I believe the Air Force is the most important and strongest force of change to global policy in the U.S. Military. I am capable of being a valuable leader in this Air Force for the following reasons. I love learning and I would take full advantage of any educational opportunities presented to me in the various facets of Air Force Officer Training. I am an effective communicator because I am patient and empathetic with people and I understand accountability. 

Objectives: to better myself and become an altrustic, well informed, and dedicated leader who strives to inspire other Airman 


